[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Life continues in
its usual manner
on the strange island.
Jean and Nadia discovered
an underground cavern
filled with
alarmingly familiar objects.
When Nadia's Blue Water
suddenly began to glow,
she mysteriously disappeared
into a solid metal wall.
Now listen closely,
because the secret of Blue Water
shall now be revealed.
[Sanson] Hey, Hanson,
I need you to do whatever
you're doing later
and come up
here and help me now.
Just a minute.
Will you stop
doodling in that book?
Let's fix this thing right now
and get off this wretched
land mass
with all due haste.
All right already.
You really helped us fixed this
balloon in record time,
my dear girl.
So thank you, Marie.
[chuckles] Huh?
[King purrs]
And thank you, King,
for all of your efforts.
[King purrs]
Nadia is pretty late, isn't she?
Hmm, it's strange
that they'd get lost
in the forest, isn't it?
Jean is staying
pretty tightlipped about it.
Most peculiar.
And what's
that supposed to mean?
Keep in mind that Jean's
not a reprobate like you are.
Oh, no. Just a minute.
I was simply referring to the
forest in which they got lost.
[Hanson] Come to think of it,
there was something strange
about the mountain yesterday.
-Ouch.
-That's true.
I'm afraid there's
a terrible secret
hidden within this island.
I see.
I wonder why Jean won't tell us
what he knows about it.
I don't know.
I guess it's just something
he can't talk to anyone about.
[all] Hmm.
All right then.
I'm going to see
what's on the boy's mind.
No, Sanson.
I think we should all try
to leave him
alone for the time being.
Don't worry about a thing.
I'll just go and cheer him up.
Hey, Jean.
-What's the matter, lad?
-Huh?
You're not yourself.
-Hmm.
-You know that Nadia is going
to come back to us, Jean.
I'm sure you're extremely
worried
but you'll see
that everything
will turn out fine.
Sanson.
You know exactly where
she is, don't you?
Mm-hmm.
All right then.
Let's go bring her back.
[Nadia] Where am I?
[robotic voice] This is
the satellite city Red Noah.
[Nadia] Red Noah?
[robotic voice] Welcome,
rightful heir of
the Toris Megistos,
Princess Nadia.
[Nadia] Me?
[robotic voice]
We have awaited your arrival
so that we may hand down
the history of Atlantis to you.
[Nadia] But who are you?
[robotic voice]
Creations of the inhabitants
of the M78 Nebula.
[Nadia] The M78 Nebula?
[dramatic music playing]
[robotic voice] The M78 Nebula
is 277.5 light years
from the Earth's solar system.
The people of Atlantis made an
emergency landing on the Earth
2,400,000 years ago.
The Atlanteans were forced
to live on Earth
but they were unable to
return to their own star.
Here, they created as powerful
a civilization as they could.
They did so to
banish the darkness
from this untamed planet.
But in so doing,
they made an unfortunate error.
They used
their technological marvels
to wage holy wars.
As a result,
their great cities
were reduced to desolation.
Afterwards,
the few survivors of Atlantis
built a new civilization
on the continent of the Pangaea.
That civilization
was once again destroyed
by the hunger for war.
You have
the power of Toris Megistos.
[Nadia] Toris Megistos?
[robotic voice] You see, Nadia,
the Blue Water was once called
the Philosopher's Stone.
[Nadia] Does this stone
contain such awesome power?
[robotic voice]
That I cannot say.
The rightful possessor
of the Toris Megistos
can either be god or devil.
They will know
the beginning of all life.
[Nadia]
And I have inherited this power?
[robotic voice]
Yes. You are not a human being.
You are the heir of
the Atlantean dynasty
of the M78 Nebula.
[Nadia]
I am not a human being.
I am an Atlantean.
-[Sanson] Be careful now.
-[Hanson] And come back quickly.
I'm very sorry.
We all know
that you're the only one
who can find Nadia
and bring her back to us.
Thank you, everyone.
[all] Good luck, Jean!
[King purrs]
Well now, I say we start packing
so we'll be ready to leave
when Jean and Nadia come back.
Um, what happened to the wind?
[gasps] Wind?
I don't see any
birds or insects around.
There aren't any mosquitoes
nibbling at us today either.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
-[King purrs]
-Here it comes.
[rumbling]
[screaming]
[sighs] Oh, my goodness.
What is
happening to this island?
-[groans]
-Huh?
[gasps] Please excuse me.
I really didn't mean to do that.
[punch landing]
[screams]
Bonnie Prince Charlie,
look over there.
Oh, what is it now?
-[gasps]
-What are you looking at that?
[Hanson] The hillside
slid into the ocean.
That's impossible.
Even so, I'm afraid
this will only be the beginning.
What a strong earthquake.
Are you all right?
This island is simply
a manmade ship
that was created
by someone.
[device whirring]
[Nadia]
What--what's happening?
[robotic voice] A control
device has been activated.
[Nadia] Control device?
[robotic voice] Red Noah has
awaited your arrival
with great urgency.
[Nadia] Me?
[robotic voice] Allow me to
be your guide, Princess Nadia.
Just wait for me, Nadia.
Wow!
I should be able to get
into that opening below.
All right.
Huh?
[screams]
[groans]
[gasps]
Not my precious balloon.
Do we have to
mend it all over again?
[groans]
Jean!
[Jean] Huh?
It looks like our boy is safe.
And the balloon is still
completely intact.
And it looks like he's trying
to tell us something.
Stop the Gratan!
He said we should stop now.
[tires screeches]
[Nadia] What are
you going to do with me?
[robotic voice] We are going to
take you
to the Kingdom of Atlantis.
[Nadia] Atlantis?
[robotic voice] Correct.
[Nadia]
But that kingdom lies in ruins.
No one is supposed to be there.
[robotic voice]
No. You are to be there.
[thudding]
You think Nadia is on
the other side of this wall?
There was a barrier exactly like
this one in Gargoyle's compound.
Nadia.
So you're saying you think Nadia
has been captured
by Gargoyle all over again?
I'm not so sure this was created
by Gargoyle.
[deep breath, snorts]
Watch out now! Here I go!
That hurt.
[Hanson] Listen up, everybody.
-[Marie] Huh?
-[Sanson] Hmm?
I think we're all aware that
this island is quite peculiar.
To say that it's peculiar
is only scratching the surface.
[King purrs]
But even a rough idea
is good enough for now.
We've been living on this island
for four months
and we all know it's traveling
in an east to northeast
direction
at a speed of one
to ten kilometers a day.
It's scientifically impossible
but it's happening anyway.
However, since yesterday
the speed has been increasing,
which means an entirely new
phenomenon is now taking place,
which means that we can't tell
what will happen next
because it's
beyond our knowledge.
But if you can't rely on any
of your previous data
then how can
you predict anything?
With intuition and imagination.
[group] Huh?
This situation has excited both
of these elements
inside my brain.
The sudden
sinking of the eastern slope,
the upheaval of
the western sand dune,
the strange luminescence
in the sky all point to the fact
that this island
is showing signs of strain.
[wind blowing]
Even a child could figure out
what will happen next.
This entire island is listing
precipitously to the east,
and if it continues to list
in this manner unabated...
Then an earthquake like the last
one could happen all over again?
An earthquake like that
will definitely happen again,
but that's not the worst of it.
If we are struck by
a disturbance of
that magnitude again,
this island will
sink into the ocean.
-[rumbling]
-[all screaming]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[robotic voice]
Release the suction valve.
Remove all extraneous matter.
[gasps] What do you mean?
[robotic voice]
The trees, plants,
and earth on the surface.
No. Wait.
There's still people
living on the surface.
[robotic voice] Red Noah is
descending
to a depth of
800 meters.
It is too late to turn back.
It's happening.
[rumbling]
You must stop this.
All of my friends will be
destroyed
if this process continues.
Why do we have to
submerge into the ocean?
If this is all because of me,
then I don't want to go
down there.
[robotic voice] You must
become the ruler of Atlantis
in order to guide the lost souls
towards its restoration.
But must we destroy
other lives
so that Atlantis may be
restored?
[robotic voice] We are
entering the critical stage.
[Nadia] You want me
to be the devil, is that it?
You're no better than Gargoyle!
[follower] We have observed
a high energy reading.
Seven degrees, ten minutes,
north latitude.
Sixty-two minutes east longitude
at zero hour 43 minutes.
It is traveling at
19 knots per hour.
Red Noah.
The holy fortress has begun
to move at last.
[Hanson]
Oh. What is all of this stuff?
My dresses, cosmetics, linens,
dishes, and cookery.
Pillow sheets, blankets,
and cushiony mats to sleep on.
A one month's
supply of food and water.
I just brought a bunch of toys.
[King purrs]
It's going to be impossible
for the Gratan to carry this
kind of load, you guys.
So keep what you absolutely need
and leave the rest of this
junk behind.
[all] Oh, you gotta
be kidding, Hanson.
[Jean] It's all right.
I'm getting off.
Huh?
Nadia's still waiting for me
somewhere down on that island.
I must help her escape.
So the rest of you just
go ahead of us on the Gratan.
But if you end up
getting stuck down there,
you're going to
sink with everything else.
Once I locate Nadia, we will
make our get away on that boat.
-But, Jean...
-It's my duty
to protect Nadia from danger.
I have to.
-[rumbling]
-[screaming]
Hurry before time runs out!
-[grunts]
-Marie wants to help find Nadia.
You must leave here
with the others, Marie.
No! I wanna
escape with you and Nadia!
But if you go away with me,
who's going to protect King?
All right.
We will meet you in Africa then.
Good luck!
[dramatic music playing]
[rumbling]
[grunts]
[rotor blades whirring]
Jean. Nadia.
[rumbling]
I demand that you release me!
It is my wish to remain above
with my friends!
What awaits me in Atlantis?
What good is
the ruler of a dead country?
It is evil to take the earth
from beneath my friend's feet!
I will not sacrifice their lives
to your wishes!
[robotic voice]
We do not understand.
Why would the heir
to the throne of Atlantis
wish to live with humans?
The restoration of the kingdom
is our shared dream.
Only you can accomplish this
as the inheritor of the blood
of Atlantis and the Blue Water.
No! Release me!
Somebody is
waiting for me outside!
Nadia!
[rumbling]
[screams]
What's that?
I can get back to her
through these tunnels.
I do not want to
remain here with you.
I will determine my own destiny.
I no longer need anyone's help.
If my fate changes, it will
be the results of own actions.
[robotic voice] Your destiny
is to be the rightful ruler of
Atlantis.
Stop saying that to me!
I was born here on Earth!
I'm on this
island only by accident!
[robotic voice] Not by accident.
It was the Blue Water
that brought you here, Nadia.
Huh? It is
responsible for everything.
For blood-soaked war and
the taking of innocent lives.
[robotic voice]
That cannot be helped.
It is simply your fate as
a direct descendant of Atlantis.
A person's fate
is not so simplistic!
All I want is to return to
the place where I was born!
If the Blue Water
refuses to allow me that,
then I'd rather not have it!
[grunts]
[panting]
Nadia!
Nadia! Nadia!
[pants]
Oh, Nadia! [whimpers]
[screaming] Nadia!
[gasps]
He's come for me?
[sobs] Jean!
Oh, I'm sorry.
[robotic voice] Princess Nadia.
Is there something more precious
to you than the Blue Water?
What is it?
Do you refuse
your fate for this desire?
Come, Princess Nadia.
I will take you to Tartessos,
the place where you were born.
[Nadia] Tartessos?
[robotic voice] The Blue Water
will guide you there.
Simply follow it.
However,
you cannot escape your fate.
I shall see
you again, Princess Nadia.
[follower] The target
has begun to submerge.
It is currently in
the Indian Ocean
on a west-by-southwest heading.
What's that?
It's moving toward Atlantis.
Garfish 33 is
presently pursuing it.
Oh, Nadia.
Our last voyage.
[Nadia] Jean?
Huh? Nadia?
[Nadia] Don't open your eyes
until I tell you to.
Ah!
Nadia! I've
looked all over for you.
[Nadia] I said close your eyes.
Where are you?
[Nadia] Right here.
[Jean] Huh?
I knew you were
going to come back for me.
Jean!
Nadia.
The island is sinking fast
so we better get out now.
Mm-hmm.
[panting]
Look how much of it has sunk.
[rumbling]
Hurry! We have to move!
-[rumbling]
-[screaming]
Nadia!
[grunting]
[Nadia] Jean!
[Jean] Hold tight!
[screaming]
The Gratan!
[waves crashing]
Well, that a narrow escape, boy.
Thanks for coming to our rescue.
Think nothing of it, Jean.
We're all
friends here, aren't we?
[laughter]
Nadia!
Marie.
Oh, King.
[King purrs]
What now?
It's almost gone for good.
[waves crashing]
And so it is.
Fare thee well, Red Noah.
Red Noah? What?
That was the island's name.
I see.
[gasps] Look!
-It's a Garfish!
[singing in Japanese]